hello guys welcome back to our channel
today we'd like to introduce you a film
called man in black three
for beginning please feast your eyes on
a charming woman
except the cake is pretty shaky
everything is good
i thought she is bringing the cream cake
for a handsome man
it turns out for a old man looks like a
monster the man with an arm off and two
eyes that look like binoculars is boris
people usually call him boris the animal
he is an intergalactic criminal
he and his girlfriend are snogging
this scene should have made people
jealous but no they make me sick
to celebrate for something he want to
eat the cream cake
he'd like two pills man cut it
instead of cutting the cake with a knife
this fat policeman punched the cake with
his fist causing the cake to fall apart
suddenly from the cake there are a
monstrous animal with sharp legs coming
out and killing two policemen
under boris command it broke the chains
for its lord and crawled into his
monstrous palm in an instant
they go to the door and kill the prison
guards easily
an army appear
he should have been killed but no he
used heavy weapons to make a hole in the
selling of the prison
all disappeared
from his legs roots sprouted suddenly
and went deep into the floor in order to
help him balance and then he let the
girl fly free
he finally escaped from the prison built
on the moon and returned to earth for
revenge
in the earth these two guys are k and j
they are secret agents
they have researched and invented a
camera that can erase other people's
memories only good things left
they have a mission to protect the earth
from the invasion of aliens
after coming back to earth boris meets
this white guy and asks him something
that can help somebody go back in time
he needs to take revenge on the guy who
broke his arm and that person is k
k and j go to a restaurant
they are stalking monsters to kill them
the owner of the restaurant is this man
his body is very monstrous
the food here is also monstrous
he trades and cooks alien
the bowl of noodles which still has
eyeballs like this who can eat
while they were discussing the plan a
guy came into the restaurant and
attacked them
without hesitation they began to attack
them back
jay killed the guy in the kitchen k beat
him up and his head was dented
jay came to a girl to comfort her but
instead of thanking him for his kindness
she used her long tongue to attack jay
he jerked his hand strongly and she was
gone immediately at this moment k met
boris on the rooftop
just as he was about to attack a j
appeared and blocked the door to escape
for k boris attack them constantly
forcing them to the ground
thanks to the door they landed safely
boris didn't chase he just told k one
sentence you don't know k you're dead
the sentence stimulated j curiosity
jay tried to ask k what happened but k
just said my biggest mistake in the past
was to imprison him instead of killing
him
jay replied to kay that now we will kill
him together
because kate did not want his partner to
be in danger he told jade not to get
involved
jay went to the secret office to see
some information about boris and some of
his murders
by the way he looked at some information
about kaye and discovered the k was not
only responsible for the arrest of boris
but also deployed arc net a shield that
helps prevent the bagladites from
attacking earth
in the evening when jay was playing
video games he received a call from kk
seems like to release a secret but
finally he hung up in silence
k opens a secret box hidden behind a
bookcase in which there are many heavy
weapons
k chose to take a gun
k fired one shot he disappeared and in
his room a very strange space appeared
suddenly
space changed
maybe kaye got back in time he back to
1969.
the next morning jay went to kaye's
house but the person who opened the door
was a woman and she said she didn't know
who kaye was
so angry jay snatched the cup of
chocolate from the baby and emptied it
he immediately returned to the office
but no one knew about k agent o told j
that k died 40 years ago because he
saved the earth from the attack of
boglodite
when history changed and kaye is dead
jay discovers that only his memory is
unaffected and no one at the secret
office understands his obsession with kj
told oh a series of kaye's habits she
deduced that there was a time that k and
boris head back to 1969.
at the moment the buglodyte is attacking
the earth
without k and the arc net program has
also not been deployed there would be
nothing to protect the earth from the
bog lodi invasion so jay had a mission
to go back in time to prevent boris and
save kj meets the white guy and asks him
about the exact time boris came back and
also asks him to tell jay how to go back
in time
he gives jay the key to go back in time
he and jay go to the top floor of the
building set the time to go back
the only thing j have to do is to jump
off
at this moment he probably wants to quit
job
regaining his spirit he begins to jump
down
while flying suddenly a pincer somewhere
blew away the key but by skillful
twisting he caught the key
everything changed again
it looked like the same place but jay
had successfully time traveled
return to 1969
after reading documents at secret office
he knew that in 1969 in coney island
boris would commit a murder
so he stole a car and immediately go to
coney island
this is boris when he was young he was
at the amusement park
he killed this big-headed old man
jay found out him and almost caught
boris
suddenly there is a gun pointed at his
head from behind it was k when he was
young
before they could say hello to each
other kaye gave jay a burning jerk
when jay woke up he was in case agent in
the past
after questioning for a while kaye found
that jay knew a lot about him and at the
end he actually sent jade to erase his
memory
as the process begins jay tries to tell
k that he is here to help k kill boris
and bring peace to the world
jay tries to plead with cain not to
erase his memory or else the world will
perish
when kaye heard this k realized that it
was important
at the last minute k decided to believe
j agreeing to let j investigate with me
they follow a clue that leads them to a
bowling alley
unfriendly these two guys intend to
attack a
just in time jay appears and attacks
them from behind
his head is quite suitable for bowling
jay immediately showed his talent to his
friend
back to the mission they discovered the
murdered body
looking at the magazine they found the
next clue
following the clues they went to the
factory where they met an alien named
griffin
this person can see the timeline and
predict the future
griffin says boris is trying to kill him
because he has what he wants
he tells k and j that if they can defeat
him he will give it to them
sensing boris approaching he had to
quickly escape but jay deliberately kept
him to stay here
at that moment boris appeared as the
foretold
he almost killed griffin but he still
escaped
boris saw that and ran away
jay chased after him
he climbed into a car aimed at him and
was about to say goodbye to him
suddenly the car moved that makes jay
fall down truly losing his face
too bad they went to a bakery chatting
with each other a bit from a stranger
they find where griffin is by accident
mr k returned all weapons to jay
they went to the soccer field together
and met griffin there
it didn't look good but griffin was
actually watching a pretty interesting
football match through his powers
this surprised jay and he found it
wonderful
keep his promise griffin gave them a
candy box which was arc net a shield to
protect the earth
griffin says he lost his planet
he doesn't want to see the human world
disappear
he needs some miracle and that k and j
will protect this earth
emotions were overflowing when boris
came and grabbed griffin and
deliberately broke kaye's car
genuine cars have a different k press
from the bottom of the car to reveal two
cool new motorcycles
surely the future world will not have a
car like this
eager to try it jay was spinning around
in the car until his eyes were dizzy
kaye shows him the controls and the two
begin a chase
the racing scene is extremely satisfying
perhaps after this match two people will
participate in the association of
formula one drivers
boris got the arc net box from griffin's
neck
after the cat and mouse fight case saved
griffin and boris jumped into the wall
and caught fire no the car caught fire
and boris escaped
after the failed chase boris travels
back in time to meet his younger self
asking each other a few questions
arguing a bit in general
in the end the two boris allied with
each other for the purpose of destroying
the arc net shield killing k and
invading the earth
jnk's surfing is so spectacular that
when the car stops it makes griffin want
to stick his head in the trash can
everything was fine until griffin took
off the hat on his head
oh my gosh
on top of his head was the real arc net
it turned out that boris had just got it
was a fake
griffin used his powers to take it out
and give it to k
all k needed to do was launch it into
the air
on july 16 1969 in florida at cape
canaveral there will be a launch event
to the moon
they have six hours to get there and
attach arc net to the nose of the
spacecraft
but j stopped k because in the future k
would die there
outraged k gave jay a shocking punch
griffin tells jay to let him go because
k is the only hope of saving the world
they immediately returned to base to
meet with agent o and she took them to
the cosmonaut toolkit that helped them
fly to florida k and og all were in
position and ready to depart
soon after they reached florida they
walked in and they were stopped by the
police
they were immediately taken to colonel
james's place for inconclusive reasons
and considered [ __ ] so they could
not enter
griffin showed his ability to predict
the future to the colonel and he was
persuaded to allow kaye and jay inside
griffin said goodbye to jnk because he
had finished his mission
at this time colonel james quickly
brought them up to the tower
while chatting with each other about a
few random sentences suddenly the sound
of a bang made k and j howell
boris 2012 appeared to pull j out and k
continued to escape
he did not hesitate to throw jay down
fortunately he grabbed the rope jay and
landed safely downstairs
mr kate had reached the top of the tower
and was about to go to the bow of the
ship when boris 1969 appeared and
punched him
he went to get arc net but k promptly
shot him upside down
kaye went to the arc net when suddenly
the iron bar moved causing his leg to
get stuck
jay distracts him by calling him an
animal enraged that he throws spikes
repeatedly at jj approached him and
hugged him and jumped down
this time he pressed the clock back to
the previous time by a few minutes
this time he easily slipped through his
spikes with ease and punched him with a
slam dunk and killed boris
as for mr k boris 1969 came up with the
arc net
hey hey he's here to give you a break
quickly kay grabs arc net and puts it on
the bow
come on quickly get out of here the ship
launched into space boris also died due
to extreme heat when preparing to launch
so k and j have succeeded
their hard work has paid off and the
earth will also be protected by arc net
suddenly boris 1969 appeared he shot and
killed colonel james
kate promptly gave it a shot
perhaps colonel james did not survive
at that time there was a boy in the car
getting off
the boys mandarin watch was similar to
jay's so it was jay when he was a child
and colonel james was jay's father
mr k used the camera to erase the
painful memory of his father and told
the boy that your father is a hero he
immediately returned to reality
after returning jay saw his old friend
shaking his lap enjoying music and
sipping some cake and tea
jay thanked mr k for what he had done
the two talked for a while then left
but they didn't see griffin there but he
discovers k forgot to tip and a meteor
is about to hit earth
k discovered and promptly paid and the
meteorite crashed into a satellite
griffin happily says what a near-death
experience
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie